# Project Checkpoint 2
 - Author: Junqi Sun
 - Date: 9/24/2019
 - Course: ECE/CS 350, Duke University, Durham, NC
 - Term: 2019 Fall
 - Professor Rabih Younes

## Duke Community Standard, Affirmation
I understand that each `git` commit I create in this repository is a submission. I affirm that each submission complies with the Duke Community Standard and the guidelines set forth for this assignment. I further acknowledge that any content not included in this commit under the version control system cannot be considered as a part of my submission. Finally, I understand that a submission is considered submitted when it has been pushed to the server.m

## The design of my ALU
- My adder is consist of a CSA, a mux of 32bits which could reverse the inputB when I have to do subtraction, as well as two circuits to produce LessThan, NotEqual bits. For the CSA, it is made up of three RCA, as well as two muxs, the first one is to select the upper 16 bits of addtion/subtraction output, the second one is to select the overflow which is generated by Xor of the highest two bits of cout. When I do addtion, the mux in adder will choose the second input as input B. When I do subtraction, it select reverse B.
- My bitwise Or block is consist of 32 parallel or gates that have 32 or operations at the same time.
- My bitwise And block is consist of 32 parallel and gates that have 32 and operations at the same time.
- My logical left-shift block is consist of 5 coloumns, each coloumn is made up of 32 two select-one mux. When it begins to shift, the zero in the first bit will spread to the upper bits of output by muxs' selection. Num number of shift is  controlled by muxs' selection bits.
- My arithmatical right-shift block is also consist of 5 coloumns, each coloumn is made up of 32 two select-one mux. When it begins to shift, the highest bit will spread to lower bits of output by mux's selection. Num number of shift is  controlled by muxs' selection bits.
-I used assign statement to select which block's output is what I want by evaluating the value of each bit of opcode. 
